# OIBSIP
Oasis Infobyte Internship Projects

This is a Java development internship. Here are two tasks I completed.

Task 2: NUMBER GUESSING GAME
Description:
The fun and easy project "Guess the Number" is a short Java project that allows the user to
Guess the number generated by the computer, which involves the following steps:
1. The system generates a random number from a range of 1 to 100.
2. The user is prompted to enter their given number in a displayed empty box.
3. The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guessed number or if it is
higher or lower than the generated number.
4. The game continues with the user guessing the number.
5. Here are five rounds and ten attempts to guess the number.
6. Based on the number of attempts, you will see your score at the game's end.
7. If you are not able to guess the number on the given attempts, you will start again.

The technology used in this project is:
1. Java Swing
2. Java AWT

Task 3: ATM INTERFACE SYSTEM
Description:
We have all come across ATMs in our cities, and they are built on Java. This complex project consists of
15 different classes and is a GUI-based application. When the system starts, the user is
entered with the card number and pin. On entering the details successfully, ATM functionalities
are unlocked. The project allows for the following operations:
1. Login (enter the card number PIN and choose the bank name).
2. Signup (If the user doesn't have an ATM card and PIN, then create a new account, fill in all the details, and get the card number with a computer-generated PIN).
3. Click the Exit button to exit the program.
4. Deposit.
5. Withdrawal.
6. Change the PIN.
7. Fast cash withdrawal
8. E-Statement.
9. Balance check.
10. Press the exit button to exit the ATM.

The technology used in this project is:
1. Java Swing
2. Java AWT
3. Java SQL
4. MYSQL server
